add links to dashboards and dankrad's article to client diversity page (#5765)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/index.md

Technical users can help accelerate this process by writing more tutorials and documentation for minority clients and encouraging their node-operating peers to migrate away from the dominant clients. Guides for switching to a minority consensus client are available on [clientdiversity.org](https://clientdiversity.org/).

> ## Client diversity dashboards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Client diversity dashboards {#client-diversity-dashboards}
```

> There are now several dashboards giving real time client diversity statistics for the execution and consensus layers, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several dashboards give real-time client diversity statistics for the execution and consensus layer.
```

Consensus Layer:

> [Rated.network](https://www.rated.network/)
> [clientdiversity.org](https://clientdiversity.org/)
> [pools.invis.cloud](https://pools.invis.cloud/)
> [slashed.info](https://www.slashed.info/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Rated.network](https://www.rated.network/)
- [clientdiversity.org](https://clientdiversity.org/)
- [pools.invis.cloud](https://pools.invis.cloud/)
- [slashed.info](https://www.slashed.info/)
```

> Execution Layer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Execution layer:**
```

> [Ethernodes](https://ethernodes.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [Ethernodes](https://ethernodes.org/)
```

## Further reading {#further-reading}

- [Client diversity on Ethereum's consensus layer](https://mirror.xyz/jmcook.eth/S7ONEka_0RgtKTZ3-dakPmAHQNPvuj15nh0YGKPFriA)

> - [Ethereum merge: run the majority client at your own peril! - Dankrad Fiest](https://dankradfeist.de/ethereum/2022/03/24/run-the-majority-client-at-your-own-peril.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ethereum Merge: Run the majority client at your own peril!](https://dankradfeist.de/ethereum/2022/03/24/run-the-majority-client-at-your-own-peril.html) – _Dankrad Fiest, March 24 2022_
```
